hartmann ideas and welcome
to my new video
Today I have a beauty before me
again , top five under five
Euro
maybe have it in the comments
written or
Under info gram I have this video
format that should and today I have it
and I'll tell you today it really was
hard to decide me because you
I know I'm more of a drugstore junkie
So I only have
mainly drugstore products with me
at home
and yes I could not decide
I did not want to do the things next to it
I put you in the camera every day
but there are a few things
he may already know or
she must know and if you still have her
do not know then you should get this
look at product unworthy or
Let's start with mine
first product and how should it otherwise
its as my taxis liquid eyeliner
waterproof I can only do it again and again
say it's the perfect eyeliner me
have him recommended all my girlfriend
i have recommended in marie i have
really recommended it to everyone and everyone
are excited about this way will be
unfortunately waterproof as the name already
says is just a liquid eyeliner
and that is just awesome so really
ingenious
I love him and this product had to
I showed you in this video there went
nothing around it and costs just about
the 495 is still under five euros
and yes, my holy grail
really i love him and if you like
but you do not have then you buy
Just give it a try and let me know
ks and i want you a mascara in
I also take the camera very much
love the part also today and I am
super excited about this mascara and
Although the clip is dollar was carla
waterproof I have a lie
spectators are given by me
and thank you again
It's so good, so I do not have it
waterproof version but the waterproof
version or generally what the water
or generally waterproof mascara
just a swing so if you like that
you do not have that problem with your eyelashes
forced to try it with it
waterproof mascara and natural
other tanks and then it would have to
actually work
and yes it's just a simple mascara
but the cent very nice the power length
if you have the story you can see that
she also said away today and me too
I am super excited and the biggest one too
I think 495 so just under 5 euros
she still has less than five euros on board
and that's why I wanted you in
show this video we continue
with delicious products
No, I will not show you the one with the
Founder of essens I see everything
love the show you too often
That's why I wanted to show something different
I love the lipliner from the p2
and that's why I want you in that
show this video
I have a lot more of them though
they are actually me
mainly user or most
especially this one here is the color
131 it was so beautiful pink tone faith
So I am so awesome people I have
such a similar sound and that is
this color here and this color calls
But 149 dancing belong to the
differ a bit
So yes I hope you can see something
the case is the price I know
I do not have any more for a long time
bought because I already have so many
but I believe so around the 2 25 15 90
Something like that and I believe that
cheaper than the prices here
want to leave it to me then
comments or I research it
Click here to mount it
if he over costs the under 5 euros and
that's the point
You can also call this lipliner
use lipstick as you can yours
her lips contour after that and then that
fill in and then maybe over it
also a care product and the good one is
that you are max so if a visit
looking in a dull lipstick page
you others can do that as a substitute
use
I usually give it over then stop
with shift or pot or to do list
is still on my lips
but so the simple ones are so topp
simply from the quality of rapper
task willi small also hold very
For a long time I can give you more
receiver's lipsticks and is
better
so m especially the second broke
It so arranged I love her enough
raving about it we continue like
amica trees we are with myself
Gerster of pcs simply because I think
that the price-performance ratio there
very definite and I have a product
not so often shown to you but me
use is currently daily because yes the
spring he comes out and there you want
I would somehow radiate now
claim
but he talks about the highlight of it
cazis the made to stay further in the
color 0 10
There is only one and I love him
not show today on the inside
angle of the eye and the costs too
under five euros, I believe for eur
95 I think that just opens
super super nice so as I said
Me today if you already are
and also here to mine
lips a bit and this product
is I give've been over a year
and if you are here looking at it
almost not used up so this
product will keep you very long
and I 'm really excited about this
Product and yes absolute purchase recommendation
then i just want last product
imagine and sweat is not known
but if you fall for example
used her specific beauty products
he has to take it to the example
matching lipstick he just bar
or the lipliner or loveless or
labello or whatever
and then when I go away then
i always need this product and
Although it is a powder that I over
love everything in alleingang am I had
take away that particular powder otherwise
I did not feel so well and
Although speak of the p2 metal finest four
compact power
I 've got a youtube
Viewed compared the powder us
and this pure
work won so to say theirs
opinion after she had very skin and
That's why I bought after me
where my skin is not similar but what
I can tell you it is really
frosted I have before that 21 compact
power from manhattan I use
also super good as nose that's really
such a make-up replacement
but it is a long walk higher and
That's why I bought it
just to try it and me
tell the people partie down
oily skin suffers no matter if a t zone
or generally in the euro in the face
I can really recommend this powder to my heart
place and it costs the same as the 2 1
might have more compact so that a
two euros more expensive but I can you
say this brother is so fine
it marks your face so much of and
I am absolutely excited about it and that
was my last product of this
video top five under five euros
and yes I hope that some
if you could
looking for the perfect one
bad or for the perfect
mascara or the perfect
powder
so i hope i could get you in this
video a few helpful tips
pass on
and if you need more pots
definitely wanted to see in the
infobox because I have you something
Similar turned off with my top
5 essens products and my top five
coaches products and yes as I said as
you want to have further recommendation
then you can like these videos
look and then I thank you for
I want to turn this video on
liked you and say goodbye and
I hope until next time I will